The fuck?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa...
What? I don't speak--
what is that, Spanish?
Fuck!
Okay, this isn't real.
This isn't real.
Oh, shit!
Wha... I'm sorry?
I-I...
Please, just leave me alone.
I don't know
what you're saying, man.
Like, no español
or whatever the fuck.
Go on, fucker!
Go on! Shoo!
Whoa. Whoa, whoa,
- whoa, whoa.
- Oh, my God.
So, we meet again,
you Spanish fuck.
AW, fuck you.
Hey. Right over that hill there
is the lost city of gold.
Yeah. Gold.
You like gold, huh?
Go over there.
Indians'll give you
all the gold you want,
don't even charge you.
For free, just handing it out.
You don't fucking
call me a fucking liar...
Look, look.
Look at that. See that?
Made of gold.
Solid gold.
- It's a fucking dick medallion.
- Yeah,
you want some?
Well, fuck you, man.
Go get your own. Fuck you.
What the fuck is going on, man?
Aw, don't mind him.
That fucking idiot
died out here.
Comanches. Killed him.
Never left this place, 'cause
his people didn't pray for him.
Maybe we should pray for him. Yeah.
Oh, Creator,
take pity upon...
I'm just fucking with you.
I'm not gonna pray
for a fucking colonizer.
Am I seeing
more dead spirits, man?
I don't want to see this shit.
- I never asked for it.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, Bear cub.
Chill down, man.
Fucking take it easy.
This is a sacred place here.
You're standing
on a spirit portal.
Yeah. This is where
the spirits come and relax
when they're not dealing
with little fuckers like you.
We hang out. Yeah, I...
Fuckin', I just was hanging out
with Genghis Khan back there.
I said, "I like your hat,"
and he had to give it to me
like that old way,
that old Indian way.
- Yeah.
- Stupid. It's fucking
stupid, man.
Oh, fucking hold up, man.
Coming, I...
I'm coming with you.
[scoffs] Nice war paint.
Oh, thank you.
Can I have some water?
Oh. Yeah, this is spirit water.
You can't have some
until it's your time.
For the Creator.
But look on
the bright side, Bear.
You made it.
Made it where?
Here. Exactly where
you're supposed to be.
Grandson/Nephew, I did that.
You're the reason I'm stranded
here in the first place.
I know.
It's because
this is your walkabout.
Your inner journey.
Can you please just
tell me what to do?
Aw, you know I can't do that.
I can only give you
cryptic aphorisms.
I don't like it, either,
but I got to report
to the spirit council.
I'm gonna die in this desert.
Can you just give me something?
Give me an answer, man.
Like, just this once.
Okay. All right,
all right, all right.
Just one.
Just keep walking.
Fucking useless.
Like, of course I'm the one
that gets a stupid
fucking spirit ghost
and he turns out to know
absolutely nothing.
Like, come on, man.
This? This is nothing.
Nothing.
When I was a young man,
we would tie our chiefs
to a piece of string
and then tie that to an arrow
and then shoot that arrow
into the ground like that.
As a show of strength
to tell the enemy
that we're not gonna move.
And then, sometimes
we'd cover our body in honey
and blueberries
and-and eagle semen
and just stand there for
the insect nation to take us.
And the olders and the youngers
from the village would come
and they would all feast on us.
It's a sad thing
that we don't suffer for
the people like that no more.
I don't care what you did
a hundred years ago.
I need food and water now
or I'm gonna die.
Hey, Grandson/Nephew,
your emotions here?
Let's-let's bring it down
a little bit, you know?
Let's take a breather,
just take five. You know?
Just breathe in
and let it all out, man.
No wonder you died
at Little Bighorn.
Deep breaths?
A gopher hole?
No wonder why nobody
knows who you are.
There ain't no songs about you.
Look, look,
I-I know you're hangry,
and you're probably close
to your man moon right now,
but you don't mean this.
I mean it.
I don't want to talk to you.
I never did.
You just
pushed your way into my life
and you won't leave.
You're like the opposite
of my dad.
If you want me to go,
I-I can go.
Fuck off, Spirit.
Come on, let's go.
Hello?
Is anybody there?
Here. Drink up.
Go ahead, you can look.
No funny business,
or I'll cut off
your little hushwa
and use it for catfish bait.
Go on. Have some.
Where am I?
You're the youngest one
I've seen.
And they didn't put
a tracking device on you.
I know. I looked.
Is it in your tooth?
I don't know what
you're talking about, man.
I just got lost
trying to get home.
Oh, yeah?
Where's home?
Okern.
Goddamn it!
Motherfuckers found me.
Who?
I used to live in Okern.
You did?
Oh, they're good.
This is good.
Oh, this is real good.
- I'm trying to get
back to Okern, okay?
- They're getting good.
If you want to--
you could just let me go...
and I'll be on my way.
And I got my eye on them, too.
I've seen things
that you can't explain.
Everything's connected.
Yeah, I left that place.
Now here you are.
That place came to me.
See this?
UFO sightings all over Oklahoma.
27 in total.
In that same week, there was
a spike in hospitalizations,
mental institutions.
The Sonics all over the state
ran out of Tots.
They do not want the truth
to come out.
I took this photo.
Thing darted around in an oval.
You know what it is?
Photoshop?
All right, who the hell
were you really talking to
out there?
Do you see things?
Maybe them ones
with a mirror suit.
I see a spirit sometimes.
Oh?
What kind of spirit?
He died at the Battle
of Little Bighorn.
Gah...
What the hell would a spirit
from Battle
of the Little Bighorn
be doing here in Oklahoma?
That just doesn't
make any sense.
Can I use your bathroom?
I piss outside.
But if you're too dainty,
you can use the one
down the hall.
On the left.
Thank you.
Hey.
And don't flush.
Fuck! Fuck!
Fuck.
Come on, man,
where you at, where you at?
William Knifeman.
William Knifeman?
Why did I think
that was gonna work?
God...
Mm...
You really got to stop
talking to yourself.
People are gonna
think you're nuts.
Follow me.
And don't try to run.
I got trip wires
all around the property.
You're safe here.
Safer than out there.
What's your name?
- Bear.
- Okay, Bear.
Get in.
♪ ♪
Mm. There it is.
Come on.
What is all this?
Eggplant.
You must eat a lot of it.
No, I won't eat it.
It's Star People food.
Came from up there.
They call it Bongpipo.
I don't know why they brought
all of this, but...
I assume it's so they'll have
some food when they come back.
Why do you grow so much of it?
I told you.
It's so I'll have something
to feed the Star People
when they come back.
It's an offering.
People are only concerned
with things they can
see and hear.
But there are other
layers of life
that can't be seen or spoken of.
These need
just as much attention
and just as much care.
So, have you actually
ever seen an alien before?
Alien?
Star Person.
You probably have, too.
See, they don't always appear
the way people think they do.
Sometimes they take
different forms.
And, uh...
sometimes they're, uh...
...they're just a feeling.
If you know what I mean.
Yeah.
This is where I get
my radio signals from.
They talk to you?
Sit.
Oh, boy.
What is this?
Oh,
having you here
made me think
of these old times.
Oh, that's me.
I didn't always
live here, you know.
Ah, there's Mabel.
Are these your friends?
Uh, more like, uh...
more like family.
That's Buchanan.
He used to carry that
big ol' book of poetry
around with him all the time.
And sometimes
he'd read them to me,
uh, Brownie...
and Irene.
Sometimes.
It's...
what's between the words
that's important.
Where are they now?
Where are your friends?
On a bus headed back home.
I missed it.
Did you want to get left?
I wanted to be alone.
Did they not believe you?
Did they take you and shock you?
You know, when they
keep on not believing you,
eventually,
they strap you to a bed
and they put electricity
through your brain because
they don't believe in what we
"don't see or hear."
Did they really shock you?
Oh, yeah.
Lots of times, over the years.
Lot of psych wards
in Kansas, Texas,
all over.
I'm sorry that happened to you.
But my friends believe me.
They do.
Oh?
Well, then what's
your fucking problem?
That reminds me of you.
You're better off
looking up and around.
Ah. Here, try it,
it's full of good minerals.
I'm good. That's disgusting.
You already drank it.
What?
That glass of water, uh,
the coffee was made
with the well water.
- Oh, my gosh, man...
- Oh, well, if your body's
not used to it,
you could experience
- some minor difficulties.
- Like what?
Hell, it turned my tongue black
for a whole month.
Ah.
Take that.
C'mon.
Fuck!
Do you have a phone charger?
Yeah, it's right
next to my flying car.
Now, what the hell would I be
doing with a phone charger?
I don't even have a phone.
Government tracks you that way.
See this?
Now, if anything happens,
you come here. It'll take you
right to the highway.
What do you mean,
if anything happens?
Well, you never know. Do you?
They got spiders in there?
Nah, just snakes.
- Couple of dead cats.
- Ew.
Come on, let's go.
Got something else to show you.
Three quarters of UFO sightings
occur between, uh,
4:00 p.m. and midnight.
They peak between...
9:00 and 10:00.
You think we'll see
something tonight?
Well, in order to observe
the universe,
you must put your back
to the future
and fix your eyes on the past.
Such is the way of nature.
Celestial events
that had occurred long ago,
we still see remnants of them.
Hell, we might not know
what happened until
the light travels
across the galaxy
to show us.
But the universe knows.
It always knows.
We are just
echoes of things
that came before.
Look.
It's the Big Dipper.
That's a boat.
A boat?
- I thought it
was supposed to be--
- Nah, white man
calls it the Big Dipper.
It's a boat.
Helps us on our journey
when we go.
Where does it take us to?
Well, they call it
the Milky Way.
But it's a passageway
to the source.
The source that
created everything.
We are just, uh...
energy manifest.
♪♪ You wouldn't know... ♪
Why did they create us?
Well, to prove a point, I guess.
What kind?
That we could still love.
Through it all.
Life's tough.
We should be proud
that we can still love.
Do you still love?
Yeah, I do.
H-How do they know
that you love them?
They-they don't.
They just feel it.
See, y... love doesn't
have to be received,
it can just, uh...
it can just be.
♪♪ The distant horizons ♪
♪♪ Are a glorious sight... ♪
Never seen the stars
this beautiful.
♪♪ And there's getting lost ♪
♪♪ In the Milky Way at night ♪
♪♪ I got a lightning lasso ♪
♪♪ And my trusty horse Blue ♪
♪♪ I've got
a six-shooter too... ♪
♪♪ I have an old Stetson hat... ♪
You like spaghetti soup?
Yeah.
My grandma
used to make that for me.
Yeah? Mine, too.
Huh.
Would you put the water
in the pot, please?
Yeah, of course.
♪♪ Tumbleweed and buffalo ♪
♪♪ The rivers run wild. ♪
How long have you been out here?
On and off
most of my life, I think.
This was my mom's house.
She was from out this way.
My dad was from out your way.
They still around?
Now what the hell do you think?
They died when I was a kid.
Boarding school raised me.
But, mostly, I've...
been on my own ever since.
I'm sorry.
Don't be.
You know...
I don't like people.
But you're all right.
We're, uh,
kindred spirits, I think.
We see things other people can't
and, uh, people are...
either afraid of it
or they're jealous.
Because it's powerful.
So, uh...
stay as long as you like.
We can partner up on our powers,
work the property,
build up the signal.
And get the eggplants ready.
Eh.
This is XM424987.
Anyone receiving?
For fuck's sake,
is anybody receiving?
Oh, shit.
Get down, get down!
They're here.
You're gonna have to go.
Who's here-- the Star People?
There... there are no
separate entities.
There's only things
that rely on one another.
Here.
What?
Fuck are the cops doing here?
I-I'll tell them
nothing happened.
- You didn't even touch me.
- Uh, n-n-- Just go home.
Your people probably miss you.
Maximus.
What?
I believe you.
Good.
Hello.
I've been...
I've been waiting for you.
Here, take these.
Come on, Maximus.
We'll take you back.
I forgot to lock the door.
It's okay.
♪♪ Early blue ♪
♪♪ I see you ♪
♪♪ Through my window ♪
♪♪ Becoming lighter ♪
♪♪ As the sun gets brighter ♪
♪♪ And the night goes away ♪
♪♪ I want to close my eyes ♪
♪♪ And pretend
it's night and quiet ♪
♪♪ So peaceful ♪
♪♪ But the rising sun
starts a day to run ♪
♪♪ Wherever it may go ♪
♪♪ Go run away... ♪
Fuck.
Okay, okay, we got this.
Where the fuck are these dead
cats he's talking about?
♪♪ Go run away... ♪
Yes, yes, yes, yes, fuck yes!
Fuck off.
♪♪ In the morning's light ♪
♪♪ I try to hide from people ♪
♪♪ But it's never right ♪
♪♪ I see my friends at night
and it works out fine ♪
♪♪ Go run away ♪
♪♪ From my window. ♪